There's another useful operation you cando when you have two NumPy arrays ofthe same length.
This time, the second NumPy arrayneeds to contain booleans, andthe first can contain any type,
not just numbers.
For example, suppose your first array,
a, contains the numbers 1, 2,
3, 4, and 5.
And your second array, b, containsthe booleans false, false, true,
true and true.
Then the code a[b]would return a shorterarray containing only the elements 3,4,
and 5.
The second array is calledan index array, andit tells you which elementsof the first array to keep.
So here we didn't keep 1because that element was false.
We didn't keep 2 because that was false.
But we did keep 3, 4, and5 because those were true.
When you combine this with thevectorized operations you learned aboutpreviously, this can be very powerful.
In this example,
I kept all the elements greater than 2.
So I could have created the booleanarray b with the code b = a > 2.
I could also have created this arraywithout using the variable b at all.
To do this I would use the code a [a>2],
and that would have the same result.
In my opinion,
this piece of code is a very concise andclear way of saying keep all theelements of a that are greater than two.
Right now it may take more effort tounderstand this piece of code than itwould have taken you
to understand a loop.
First, you have to rememberthat a is an array.
Then you have to remember that comparingan array to a single number isa vectorized operation that
returns an array of booleans, andthen you have to rememberabout index arrays.
However once you're used to it thiscan really speed up the process ofwriting your code.
And as usual, this code will run fasterthan the loop since all the operationsare implemented in C.
To give you some practice using indexarrays I'm going to take an example fromthe previous lesson.
I want you to write a functionthat takes in two NumPy arrays.
The first, time_spent,
contains the total timeeach student spends inthe classroom in the first week.
The second, days_to_cancel,
contains contains the number ofdays before that student cancelled.
I want you to calculate the meantime spent in the first weekamong only students who do not
cancel for at least 7 days.
As a hint, you'll first want to convertdays_to_cancel into an array ofbooleans that you can
use as an index array.
