I'll start off by calculating how manyof the pairs of data points are inthe same direction relative
to their respective means.
That is, both above the mean orboth below the mean.
To do this, I'll first createan array called is_same_direction,
which contains a boolean foreach pair of data points.
Now there are two cases for how thepairs could be in the same direction.
They could either be both above theirmeans or both below their means.
So I'll create two separate arraysof booleans for those two cases.
I can use this code to checkwhether each value of variable1 isgreater than the mean of variable1, and
each value of variable2 is greaterthan the mean of variable2.
Again make sure you add the parentheses.
It's important to do the comparisonsfirst and then do the logical and.
The code to check whether both variablesare below the mean is identicalexcept with less than signs
instead of greater than signs.
Then two variables are in the samedirection, if they are both above orboth below their means.
Like I mentioned inthe instruction video,
you can add up an array of booleansto see how many of them were true.
So I can find the number of pairs thatare in the same direction by calculatingis the same direction dot sum.
Finally, I can calculate nom differentdirection by taking the len of variableone minus the number of
pairs in the same direction.
Last, I'll need toreturn the two numbers.
Now if you ran this function for thelife expectancy and GDP arrays given inthe programming exercise, you should
have seen that there were 17 pairs thatwent in the same direction, andthree that went in different directions.
The fact that most of the pairs went inthe same direction indicates that thesetwo variables are positively correlated.
That is, when one is higher,
the other tends to be higher as well.
If the first number had been small,
and the second number had been large,
that would indicate that the variablesare negatively correlated.
When one tends to be large,
the other tends to be small.
And if the two numbershad been roughly equal,
then that indicates that theremight not be a strong relationship.
It's about equally likely forone variable to be positively correlatedwith the other as negatively correlated.
