So far in this lesson, you'vebeen doing computations onseries usingbuilt-in functions.
For example, the mean functionand vectorized operations.
For example, plus forvectorized addition.
But what do you do whenyou want to perform somecalculation that's notbuilt into pandas and
can't be performed usingsimple vector s operations?Like you saw before,
one option would be to treatthe series as a list usingfour loops oraccessing individual
elements of thee series.
There is anotheroption though,
pandas has a function calledapply(), which you can use toperform computations that
aren't built into Pandas.
Apply() takes a series anda function and it createsa new series by applyingthe function to every element
of the original series.
So for example, supposethe function was add three,
which takes a number andadds three to it.
Applying this function to theseries on the left would givethe series on the right.
First, add three would beapplied to the first elementof the series giving four.
Then add three would beapplied to the second elementof the series, giving five.
Then to the third element ofthe series, giving six andso on.
If you're familiar with thePython function map apply() isexactly the same, but it works
on series instead of lists.
If you haven't heard of map,
that's okay too.
Now in this exampleof adding three,
it would have been betterto use vectorized addition.
If this series were named s,
then you could create the newseries with the code s+3.
And this would do the samething as s.apply(add 3).
However, apply() can be veryuseful in cases where there isno built-in operationthat does what you want.
For example, suppose you havea series of states where somestates are representedby the full name and
others by the abbreviation.
I want to clean up the data byreplacing each full state byits abbreviation.
Now let's say,
I've already writtena function that does this fora single state.
The code might looksomething like this.
First, I check if the valueis already an abbreviation.
In which case,
I return it unchanged.
Next, I check ifthe state is Alabama.
In which case, I return theabbreviation for Alabama, andso on, you get the idea.
Now I could createan empty list,
then loop over the series,
then call my clean_statefunction on each valuein the series andappend each newvalue to the list.
But I probably really wantedby cleaned data to be a pandaseries rather than a list, so
I could convert this list to aseries at the end of the loop.
Instead though, I coulduse the apply() function.
First, I type the nameof my original series,
which is states, then Icall the apply function.
And as an argument tothe apply() function,
I give the clean_statefunction that I wrote to cleanup each state.
Note that I don't putparenthesis afterthe clean_state function, I'mnot calling the function here.
I'm giving the entire functionas an input to apply().
The main advantage of usingapply() over a loop is that itmakes your codea lot more concise.
It might also beslightly faster.
But in this case, the bulkof the time will probably bespent withinthe clean_state function.
So, it probably won´tmatter much from a speedperspective whether Iuse a loop or apply().
Now, it's your turn.
Write code that will takea series of names in the formof, firstname, lastname and
then put them into the formlastname, firstname.
You might find Python's splitfunction helpful, there'sa link to documentationin the instructor notes.
