I chose to create a new field in the data called has_visited. 
Now there's a couple of choices for where to add this field. 
The latest I could possibly add it is to this engagement_by_account data since that's where I'll need it. 
On the other hand, then that field won't be available in all the other lists of data that I have, 
which could annoy me later. 
Another option would be to add it at the very beginning of the notebook when I first load in the data and 
then reevaluate all the cells. 
But some of these cells take a couple seconds to run and I'm not really excited about doing that. 
As a compromise I decided to add it to the paid_engagement table after I had removed 
the free trial cancels but before I had separated out just the engagement data for the first week. 
To do this I looped over each engagement in the paid_engagement table. 
Then if that engagement record showed that more than zero courses were visited, 
I set the has_visited field to one. 
Otherwise, I set the has_visited field to zero. 
Remember the reason that I'm making this field numeric, zeros and ones, is so that I can add this field up 
to get the total number of days that the student visited the classroom. 
Now I'll need to run this cell, as well as rerun all the cells below it, to make 
sure that the has_visited field gets added anywhere it needs to be added. 
Then I can analyze the days_visited_by_account using code very similar to what I had previously. 
Again, I'll start with the engagement data grouped by account and then I'll sum up the has_visited 
field for each account. 
And again, I'll describe my data. 
And when I run this cell I see that the mean number of days visited in the first week 
is a little less than three. 
The standard deviation is a bit more than two. 
The minimum is 0 and the maximum is 7. 
The minimum and maximum in particular are exactly what I expected. 
In fact, I would be pretty surprised if there weren't at least one student who visited 0 days in their first week and 
at least one student who visited all 7. 
