To solve this problem, 
I decided to first create a set of all students who pass the subway project at some point. 
First I looped over each submission in the paid_submissions table, which contains all the project submissions 
from students that we're analyzing. 
Next I pull out the project key into the rating. 
Next I wanted to check if this project was the subway_project, and I could have done that by separately 
comparing is this project the first project in the list, or is it the second project in the list? 
This would work, but there's actually an easier way to do this if you're familiar 
with Python's in keyword. 
So instead I checked if this project's in the list subway_project_lesson_keys. 
Next I wanted to check if the student passed the project, so I added a condition that 
rating is equal to pass. 
However, this isn't actually the only way to pass the project. 
In the table description, it mentions that past means meets specifications, 
but distinction means exceeds specifications. 
So I also wanted to consider a rating of distinction to be passing the project. 
Finally, when using multiple ands and ors in the same check, 
it's always important to add parentheses appropriately. 
In this case I wanted to check that the project was the subway project and that the student had passed the project. 
If so, 
then I added this student's account key to the past subway project set. 
Finally, I wanted to check how many unique students had passed the subway project, and that turned out 
to be 647 in this data set. 
Next, I was ready to split the data in the passing_engagement and non_passing_engagement and 
I started each office the empty list. 
I looped over each engagement record in the paid engagement_in _first_week table, and I check if the account 
key for that engagement record was one of the account keys that had passed the subway project. 
If so, I appended this engagement record to the passing_engagement table. 
Otherwise, I appended it to the non_passing_engagement table. 
Then I printed out the number of entries in both tables. 
There are about 4,500 entries in the passing_engagement table and about 2,300 in the non_passing table 
