I used the functions that I wrote earlier to calculate the same three metrics that I already looked at, 
but this time for both passing and non-passing students. 
First I used the group data function to group the data for passing students by account key. 
And then I did the same for non-passing students. 
Next, I summed up the total minutes visited for non-passing students, and described the results. 
I also did the same thing for passing students. 
I decided to print the data for both groups of students within the same cell so that it would be easier 
to compare the output. 
And because of this, 
I also added these print statements so that I could differentiate which output went to which group. 
The first thing that I noticed about this output is that the average time spent in the classroom 
is a lot higher for passing students than for non-passing students. 
These means correspond to about six and a half hours in the first week for students who pass, and 
two and a half hours for students who don't pass, 
which is quite a difference. 
The standard deviation is also a lot higher for students who pass. 
This isn't surprising to me since the mean is so much higher for passing students. 
And the more time students are spending, 
the easier it is to have a lot of variation among the times. 
The minimum is zero for both, 
which is as I expected. 
I wouldn't guess that not visiting the classroom during the first week makes it impossible to pass your project. 
And the maximum amount of time spent is also a lot higher for passing students, roughly 60 hours 
a week compared to 30 hours a week. 
Next I ran a very similar piece of code for the number of lessons completed in the first week. 
Again, I saw a much higher mean for students who passed the first project. 
I find it interesting that students who pass are completing on average two lessons per week, 
since I would have guessed that a reasonable pace might be one lesson per week. 
However, it is true that a problem set counts as a lesson within this data, 
so we might be seeing students who are completing one lesson and one problem set. 
The maximum is also higher for students who pass, although the difference here isn't as dramatic as it was for 
total minutes spent in the classroom. 
And finally, I ran very similar coding again to examine the has_visited field. 
In this case, I saw that the minimum and maximum days visited weren't different between students who passed and 
student who didn't pass. 
They were zero and seven in both cases. 
That's not really surprising since there are hard limits on how many days you can spend in your first week. 
It has to be at least zero and at most seven. 
The mean again is noticeably higher for passing students, 
although possibly not as dramatic as in the other two cases, at about three and a third for passing students, and 
a little less than two days in the first week for non-passing students. 
If I had to pick which of these difference I found most interesting, 
I would probably pick total number of minutes visited, since the difference between roughly six and a half hours 
in the first week versus two and half hours, 
seems like the most striking difference. 
But this is pretty subjective. 
