Here are my plots for the total number of minutes spent in the classroom in the first week. 
We saw earlier that the mean number of minutes spent was much higher for students who passed the project, and 
we can see that here since these labels are increasing faster than these. 
We can also see that for students who passed, the number of students who fall into one of the longer buckets is higher 
relative to the non-passing students. 
On the other hand, the rough shape of the two histograms is fairly similar. 
Most students spent the shortest amount of time. 
And then fewer and fewer students fall in each bucket as you increase the amount of time. 
This shape holds for both students who pass and students who don't pass the first project. 
These are the histograms for number of lessons completed. 
Again, the shapes of the two histograms look fairly similar to each other although you can see that the mean 
is higher for passing students. 
Which is in line with what we saw earlier. 
Finally, here are the histograms that I got for number days visited. 
You'll notice that in both histograms there are these weird gaps. 
That's because of the number of bins chosen. 
This data can only be integers from 0 to 7, 
so if too many bins are created, 
then some bins will be completely empty. 
And that's what happened here. 
I'm going to fix this later in the lesson, but if you'd like to fix it now, 
there's some advice in the instructor notes. 
Ignoring the gaps for a moment, I can see that the shapes of these two histograms are very different. 
For non-passing students, the shape is similar to earlier, where less and less students are in each bucket as 
the bucket corresponds to more and more days. 
However, for the passing students, 
there's a very different pattern. 
You can see that students who passed the first project are about equally likely to visit the classroom 7 days 
during their first week, as 0 days. 
To make these histograms, 
I added to the line plt.hist(data) to my described data function. 
That way I would be able to easily make the histogram for each metric by rerunning the later 
cells where I describe the data. 
And the histograms would show up next to the summary statistics. 
Of course in order for this line to work I needed to import map plot lib. 
And I also added the line %pylab inline to the top of the cell. 
So that my plots would show up within my notebook and not in a separate window. 
