Another type of conclusion you might want to be able to draw, 
is to say that if you change one thing, 
another thing is likely to change also. 
For example, you saw that students who passed the first project are more likely to visit the classroom 
multiple times in their first week. 
This is a correlation. 
Passing the first project is correlated with visiting the classroom multiple times. 
Does this mean that visiting the classroom multiple times in the first week causes the students 
to pass their project? This would be a statement of causation. 
For example, suppose Udacity sent emails to students during their first week reminding them to come back. 
This caused more students to visit multiple times. 
Would you expect this to increase the number of students who complete their project? 
It certainly sounds plausible, but we can't be sure based on this data. 
To see why, 
let's take a look at this graph, 
which shows per capita cheese consumption in red. 
And the number of people who died by becoming tangled in their bedsheets in black. 
As you can see, these two variables are highly correlated. 
As one increases, 
the other tends to increase as well. 
However, do you think eating cheese causes people to become tangled in their bedsheets? 
Probably not. 
This could be a coincidence or there could be some third factor causing both. 
In this case, it looks like both cheese consumption and bed sheet tangling are increasing over time. 
If this is the case, 
then if you banned cheese, 
bedsheet tangling would probably continue to increase overtime. 
So what are some third factors that could be causing the correlation between visiting the classroom and 
passing projects? One that I thought of is level of interest. 
Maybe people who don't find the data analysis courses very interesting, 
don't visit the site many times. 
And then they also don't pass the project because they're not interested in working on it. 
If you somehow convinced these students to visit the site more, their lack of interest might still prevent them 
from working on the project. 
A better approach might be for the student to try learning something else that they find more interesting. 
Another factor might be background knowledge. 
Maybe some people don't have the programming knowledge they need to take the data analysis courses and 
they get stuck and don't come back. 
If you convince these students to come back and keep trying, they might remain stuck and 
not be able to make forward progress. 
In this case, a better solution might be taking a programming course to fill in the missing background knowledge. 
On the other hand, this correlation could be because of causation. 
And I actually find that explanation pretty plausible. 
But the point is that we don't know based on the data we have. 
To find out whether one change causes another, you need to run an experiment, 
and online experiments are frequently costed A/B tests. 
To learn more about how to set these experiments up and some common gotchas that can arise check 
out Udacity's course on A/B testing linked in the instructor's notes. 
