In the following quiz, I'd like you towrite a function to calculate what'scalled the correlation of two variables.
It's also known as Pearson's r.
In the previous lesson,
you used a rough heuristic to determinehow correlated two variables were.
For each pair of values, you lookedat whether both values were abovetheir respective means, both below,
or one above and one below.
The idea behind Pearson's r is similar.
First, you standardize each variable.
That is, convert it to a numberof standard deviations above orbelow the mean.
Then, you multiply each pair of valuesand take the average of the products.
So, r is equal to the averageof x in standard units,
times y in standard units.
Let's take a look at what this is doing.
First, by standardizing,
we're converting bothvariables to a similar scale.
So for example, if the variables weremuch more spread out in the y dimensionthan in the x dimension,
then standardizing would spread thevariables out more in the x dimension.
Next, since the mean issubtracted from each data point,
the area is essentiallydivided into four quadrants.
Where both values are above the mean,
both values are below the mean, orone value is above the mean andthe other is below.
If both values are above the mean,
then the standardized x value andy value will both be positive, sothe product will be positive as well.
If both values are below the mean,
then the standardized x andy coordinates will both be negative.
So again the product will be positive.
Thus is Pearson's r is positive,
then as one variable increasesthe other tends to increase as well.
On the other hand,
if one value is below the mean, andthe other value is above the mean,
then the product will be negative.
So if Pearson's r is negative,
that means as one variable increases,
the other tends to decrease.
Pearson's r is more accurate thanthe heuristic you used earlier,
since it takes into account moreinformation than just which quadranteach data point lies in.
For example, this data point is veryclose to the mean of the y values, sothe contribution to
Pearson's r will be small.
On the other hand, this data pointis very far from each of the means.
So the contribution toPearson's r will be large.
Pearson's r can range from -1 to +1.
If it is near zero, that means thevariables are not strongly correlated.
There's a link in the instructornotes to a page with graphs fordifferent values of Pearson's r.
So that you can get a feel forwhat different values of Pearson'sr look like in a scatter plot.
In the next exercise you're going towrite a function to compute Pearson's r.
Then you can use it to check somedifferent variables from the New Yorksubway data set, and
see how correlated they are.
When standardizing both x and y,
you'll need to pass the argumentddof=0 to Panda's standarddeviation function.
This argument controlswhether the corrected orthe uncorrected standarddeviation is taken.
If you don't know whatthe difference is,
there's more information on the pagelinked in the instructor notes.
Many times when you're standardizingvariables, it doesnt matter too muchwhether you take the corrected or
uncorrected standard deviation.
But to calculate Pearson's rspecifically, it's important to takethe uncorrected standard deviation,
which you can do using ddof=0.
