To write this function, I'll firstneed to standardize both x and y.
You've written code to standardizea variable before, butthis time it's a little different
because you'll need to make sure youtake the uncorrected standard deviationby passing ddof = 0 for both variables.
As before, I also need to becareful about the parenthesis.
Then to multiply each pair of values,
I'll use times which doesvectorized multiplication.
Then I'll use mean to take the averageof the products, adding parentheses sothat I take the mean of the products
rather than just taking the meanof y and then multiplying by x.
And I'll return this value.
NumPy actually has a function that willcalculate Pearson's r for you, butit can be useful to write the code
yourself the first time sothat you'll understand what it's doing.
In the future though,
I'd recommend using NumPy's functionrather than writing your own.
Next, I'll use this function tocalculate the correlation between someof the variables in the subway data.
First, I'll calculate the correlationbetween entries and hourly, orthe number of entries each hour and mean
precipi or the mean precipitation forthe the day, andI can see that the result is about 0.03.
This value is positive, which meansthat when precipitation is higher,
subway ridership is higher as well.
But it's also very small,
which means that the relationshipisn't particularly strong.
For comparison, I'm going to takethe correlation between two variablesthat I expect to be more
strongly correlated.
ENTRIESn_hourly is the number of peoplewho ride the subway each hour, andENTRIESn is a cumulative total of how
many people have ridden the subwaythat increases each hour.
I definitely expect these twovariables to be correlated,
although I don't expect the relationshipto be super strong, necessarily,
since the total number of entriesdepends on the number of entries forall previous hours as well as all
the entries in the current hour.
But the result I get here is about 0.58,
which is much higher than forentries in hourly and mean percipi butis also much less than the maximum
value for Pearson's r, which is one.
