I mentioned in the last video that dataframes also have an apply function, sowhat does it do?
Well, in some sense,
apply on data frames actually isthe direct analog of apply on a series.
It depends on what you considera single piece of a data frame.
You could say that a single piece isa column, rather than a single element.
The function you pass to apply, whichI'll call f, takes in a panda series,
which is an entire columnof the data frame.
And it returns a new panda series,
which is a new column of the data frame.
Then when you call df.apply(f),
apply calls your function f oneach column of the data frame.
You might be wondering why you woulddo this, instead of using apply map.
And the answer is thatthe operation you want to do toeach element of the data frame
might depend on the entire column.
Consider the exampleof grading on a curve.
Suppose I want to give an A to the 20%of students with the highest grades,
B to the next 30%, C to 30%,
D to 10%, and F to 10%.
Let's not debate whether thisis a reasonable grading policy.
Instead, let's talk aboutthe code I would write.
I could store the numerical scores ina data frame just like I did before,
with one exam in each column andone student in each row.
But this time I can't use apply map.
If I just look at one score, I don'tknow what letter grade it should getwithout looking at the other scores for
that exam.
For example, is a score of 70 an A?If the other scores on the exam are allhigh, then 70 would not be an A.
But if the other scores on the exam areall low because this was a harder exam,
than a 70 might be an A.
So what I would do is write a functionf that takes in the scores fora single exam, and
returns converted scores for that exam.
Then I would call df.apply(f) to applythat function to the entire data frame.
Apply also takes an access argument soyou can also write a function thatoperates on one row at a time
if that's what you need.
Last lesson you wrote a function tostandardize a single panda series.
That is, convert each value tothe number of standard deviationsthat value is above or below the mean.
Now, I'd like you to use apply tostandardize each column of a data frame.
