I decided to make a scatterplot ofsubway stations with latitude andlongitude as the x and y axes,
and ridership as the bubble size.
The first thing I needed to do was groupthe data by latitude and longitude, andI also wanted to find the mean
ridership for each location.
And I'll just take a look at the firstfew rows to make sure that it worked.
Now, this looks good, butthe next thing I'd like to do is get outthe latitudes and the longitudes
in order to make the scatter plot.
However, if I just add at latitude tothe end of this code, I'll get an error.
The reason is because latitude andlongitude are no longercolumns of the data frame.
Instead, they've been transformed intothe row indexes for the data frame.
I can prevent this by passingas_index=False to the groupby function.
And now I'm able to getout just the latitude orsimilarly just the longitude.
I'll add the usual %pylab inline andimports next.
And next I'll create the scatter plotwith latitude as the x coordinates andlongitude as the y coordinates.
Now I'll go ahead and take a look.
This worked to create a scatter plotof all the subway stations, butI haven't yet made the bubble
size dependent on the ridership.
I wasn't quite sure how to do this soI decided to Google formatplotlib scatterplot bubble size.
The first result here aboutthe plot marker size looks good.
Looking at the example codehere in the first answer,
it looks like I can give the argumentS to the scatter function.
And that argument can be in a array, sothat I can control the sizeof each bubble separately.
So I'm going to try addingthe argument s to my code andgiving it the ENTRIESn_hourly column
to determine the size of each bubble.
Running this, it looks like it more orless worked, but a lot ofthe bubbles are huge, which is making
the plot really hard to understand.
To fix this, I'm going to createa new variable called scaled_entries.
And to scale the hourly entriesI'll divide each value bythe standard deviation.
Next I'll change the size argumentto the scatter plot function to bethe scaled entries rather
than the raw entries.
And running this code the resultingplot looks much more reasonable.
Now, the bubbles are maybea little small now, soI could play around withthe scaling factor a bit.
But already I can see that there aresome areas of New York that tend to havehigher ridership.
Say down here andmaybe also up here a little bit.
